How did my father get injured?
In the early morning of this month, His Majesty suddenly fainted and was in a coma.
Here, please come and try me, brothers.
But not only why did he suddenly leave the capital,
Since you are here, I have been waiting for you,
Afraid of it, go and waste the belly.
Your Majesty lived a few days ago, but a dog wanted to fuck you.
Get out of bed, what are you going to do?
Princess Li, how did you know?
This wound cleaning revealed,
Failure to do a good job in disinfection is a swarm disease.
Old Shen, don't expect you to be warned now.
Princess Li, as a member of the Fu-Party family,
Just don't mess around today.
As long as I can save His Majesty
This is a huge effect
Li Wangsui still tried to think of himself as someone else but acted on his behalf
My sister once saved me from danger
Chen Yuyiwei
Can I let my sister give it a try? Please Xingyun
Aren’t you capable?
Say it’s not after
Then don't test yourself
It’s hard to escape, no need for help
This king has found a cure for his father's adoption
This is what Nishi Yusun said
Bai Zhun is the marriage bill
There is flesh from the living dead and a white man takes him privately
Can protect the body of the Emperor Dragon without any medicine
this is indeed
Wan Jinnanqiu's white-revolving dimension soul bomb
What are you still doing?
Why don't you bring it over and give it to the emperor to conquer ten thousand cities?
If you take this medicine, you will die